# cs64_lab06a
Explain what you think the MIPs code is doing in a paragraph (3+ lines). Sufficiently summarizing what’s happening in your MIPs code’s disaggregate function is what we expect. Do not guess what the C/C++ code is doing.
    The dissaggregate function in general is a recursive function, which splits up an array in a specific way, and prints the elements. The way it does this is takes the average of the elements, and moves the values above the mean into one array, and the other elements into another array. The way this is done in MIPS is by first finding the mean through the use of a "for" looop, adding up all the elements, and then dividing it by the total number of elements. There is a second loop that is used later on to move all the values smaller than that mean into one array and the ones bigger into another array. There isnt actually 2 arrays, the way this is done is by allocating space on a buffer, and then adding in the values smaller than the mean into the beggining of the buffer, and the values bigger into a space slightly after the beggining of the buffer, making sure there is enough space for all elements to be stored. The elements are printed using a simple for loop and syscalls.

Will the space used in the stack change with change in array length or change in array values? Or change in depth value? Why or why not? (5 points)
    The space on the stack would only change if we have to have more elements as inputs. If our arrays are of bigger lengths, all that will change is the size of our buffer, which is not on the stack but in the .data section in memory. If the array values are of different type, such as an object like in C/C++, then we would need more space on the stack to store that object, if it is of a bigger size than an int like we use in these arrays. If the depth value is bigger we will need to use more stack space, since there will be more function calls, in turn making the machine have to store more onto the stack (stuff gets put onto the stack every time a function is called with sw).